Notes:
- Deeds may only be performed once per game.
- Shared Deeds are meant to encourage players to communicate and plan together,
   which may of course result in some interesting betrayals.
- Individual Deeds are meant to acknowledge interesting plays.
- Thematically, the Clans earn points because such Deeds ensure they are
   remembered through history.

Setup:
   - Put the Deck of Deeds next to Season Cards. Do not remove during season.

Players may consult the Deck of Deeds at any moment.

Once a Deed has been performed, remove it from the Deck of Deeds and put it back
in the box.

Shared Deeds (rewards all participating Clans):
   Pourparler:
      Condition: Two or more opposing Daimyos, alone in a province.
      Reward: 10 Victory Points.

   Schism:
      Condition:
         Two or more Shintos of a Clan alone in facing only one or more opposing
         Kami.
      Reward: 10 Victory Points.

   The Great War:
      Condition:
         Battle Resolution between two or more non-allied armies, each of which
         has a force of 10 or more.
      Reward: 15 Victory Points (only for Clans with armies of 10+ force)

   Of One Body and Mind:
      Condition:
         Spring is past, and two Allied Clans each have at least 3 units on the
         map, such they have the same number of Unit of each type in all
         Provinces and Temples.
      Reward: 12 Victory Points.

   Shared Houses:
      Condition:
         Two Allied Clans have all of their Strongholds on the Map, and the same
         number of Strongholds in each province. Dragonfly Clan cannot claim
         this Deed.
      Reward: 15 Victory Points.

   Unsetting Sun:
      Condition:
         Two Allied Clans have all of their Strongholds on the Map, such that
         each Province has at least one Stronghold from either. Dragonfly Clan
         cannot claim this Deed.
      Reward: 20 Victory Points.

   Until the End:
      Condition:
         Clans have kept the same Alliance through every Season, when others
         have changed theirs.
      Reward: 10 Victory Points.

   Luck, Skills, and Honor:
      Condition:
         A Battle start with all involved Clans having the same number of unit
         of each type, the same number of Coins, and the same number of Ronins.
      Reward: 7 Victory Points.

Individual Deeds:
   Through Hearts Alone:
      Condition: Win a battle without spending any coin.
      Reward: 5 Victory Points

   A Clan of Nomads:
      Condition: Reach Winter without a single Province Tile
      Reward: 20 Victory Points
      Note:
         This is a lot of points, but also very hard to pull off if people
         see you are going for it.

   Trust the Seers:
      Condition: Won all performed actions of a battle through ties.
      Reward: 7 Victory Points
      Note:
         This is actually doable fairly easily when facing an opponent that has
         very few coins and needs a specific strategy to win. But it also adds
         more consideration to that otherwise predicable situation.

   Proven Worth:
      Condition: Won a battle involving at least one unit from every Player.
      Reward: 5 Victory Points

   Redemption:
      Condition:
         Move from the bottom of the Honor Track to its top in a single battle.
      Reward: 3 Victory Points
      Note: Easy to achieve.

   The Darker Path:
      Condition: Kill an Oni from a Clan with more Honor than you.
      Reward: 3 Victory Points

   World Domination:
      Condition: Currently control every Province.
      Reward: 15 Victory Points

   The Legendary Hero:
      Condition: Win Battle with single Unit, no Ronins, involving a Clan
         which had more Force in the Province at the start of the War, and more
         Coins at the start of the Battle.
      Reward: 10 Victory Points
      Note: Can be done through Hostage, and various effects.
